#new thoughts: ideas that need to be verified on whether it works

Let's think about the pipeline, wait we made one already in fine-tune
It looks shit, let's patch it up.
We will need a database of user's target waifu's past conversations, current event status, last contact time, event_status_log, her description

Cool, so how do we choose the event to be generated?
We will throw everything to GPT I guess
We really need large event space  to increase the richness of the conversation though

New thought: Should this be trained? How the characters have their own events. It really feels like the lack of events are the real reasons behind meaningless conversations. 
Cool, let's say we want to train the model to feel what characters do in their own time.
We will first need to show it an example of how we want a character to live right?
New thought: let's try the following examples' format: 
example 1:
"
large project: the reviving and extraction of biological artifacts from the all-spreading bug war
 a. subsection: investigating manuverability and momentum mechanism of bug for galactic travel 
 b. ultra-cold vacuum sustaining cacoon for hybernation in near-lightspeed travel and spread
 c. Super mechanism that is able to destablize most matter to light source energy 
     Investigation: half successful, highly dangerous. DNA extraction somewhat successful
 d. breeding of sentient edible lifeforms, somewhat successful
2.Small projects/events:
    a. nice recipe oaf snack founded for flower cake, able to be synthesized due to herta's machines 
"
example 2:
"
Long term goal: play mahjong as much as possible, help fascilitate large innovations to happen as foreseen and carry out actions from "prediction machine" supercomputer 
World news flash: large deflation occurrs after mandated planned economy in farming occurrs and government tightens up on housing bubble
Short event: hit the jackpot in mahjong today and hit it off large
Short event: the buns at breakfast today decreased by 1 dollar
"
We will have to see which one of the two work better in terms of output generation, and which styles is more captivating to continue with that pipeline.
Let's generate 10 copies and ask people on discord, who may be a better judge of what interesting converstion topics looks like. We do have to choose a format, maybe both is good?
New thought: It is observed that the first and the second format after only feeding in 1 example provided really similar information. Like the first example provided only research results. Perhaps more varietied examples are good to explore?

Sidenote: I found deepseek's model to be opensource, 600B and 37B in size, which may prove to be very effective.

Continueing on earlier note of data generation pipeline:
We currently don't have our own model. I want it to work such that we can show our own model talking. Whatever, let's generate the prompts first. 
First try using
    prompt = (
        f"You are {target_waifu}, you talked about {past_convo}, "
        f"your recent thoughts and events are {event_status}, "
        f"and here's the new input: {query}. Respond appropriately. "
        f"Additionally, after your response add a '$$' sign. "
        f"If you decide the event has changed, type the new events after the '$$' sign."
    )
, let's input into our most responsive characters, Jade, and Jing Yuan and Herta
Here's an example input I have so far: "You are Herta, a brilliant and eccentric member of the Genius Society. You recently talked about the potential of using bug war artifacts for galactic travel, and your recent thoughts and events include experimenting with ultra-cold vacuum cocoons for near-lightspeed travel. Here's the new input: 'What’s the latest on your research, Herta?' Respond appropriately, keeping your tone curious, playful, and slightly sarcastic."
Its an example I made from deepseek, which generated a somewhat usable response.
I think I'll need to build from the ground up and rethink how to make sample past_convos, event_status dataset, and queries for the bot.